Thanks for downloading my model compiler! Using it, I created files that can run models on Classification,
Regression and Clustering along with another file to Analyze and Pre-Process the data itself.

In this example I use the Diamonds Dataset found here: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/shivam2503/diamonds


A WORD OF CAUTION!!!!!!

This dataset has been fine tuned so running the entire thing at once will work HOWEVER should you desire to
use this code on a different dataset, it will require you to Step by Step go through it once you get to the
beginning of the Classification




In here I simply explain the libraries necessary to run the project(if you dont have them installed already)
along with other tidbits of potentially useful information and some things this model cant do.

I have left notes inside the files themselves so if you feel the need to skip this there shouldnt be too many
issues

First a list of libraries necessary to run the files:
1. numpy
2. pandas
3. matplotlib
4. sklearn
5. seaborn
6. scipy

If you dont have one(or more) of the libraries installed, just do "pip install library_name_here"


Should you require a quick visual, feel free to just add a line saying df2 anywhere past the Analyzer portion
to get a quick visual of the dataset or df to get the original dataset, but in case you have questions on
what the columns actually mean(for example I'm still not sure what F Coloring even means) please go to the 
link near the beginning as they give an brief description of what they mean.


Some things you could improve with this dataset are:

1. I am honestly not the greatest with loops so I generally avoid them although it could be added in places
such as with the graphs

2. If you One Hot Encode the data, you can use a Keras ANN to get potentially greater results(though sklearn
did ok) or if you have a way to use a Keras ANN with label encoded data that could work too

3. While I do not know of a way currently, there more than likely is a more optimum way to grab the
GridSearch results and actually place them into the models, making the step a lot less tedious and possibly
allow to run the dataset in one go rather than bite-size pieces

Some quick tidbits of information:

1. There are certain parts of this dataset that take SIGNIFICANTLY LONGER than the others, make sure you have
some time set aside for your computer to run the code for a little while

2. I am 80% certain you only require around 4GB of RAM to run this properly on a dataset of this size or similar
(37758 rows × 10 columns) but do keep in mind it may require more as time goes on











